10.3.1.4 Lab - Finalize the Windows Installation
What options are available in the Driver tab?
answer = update driver ,roll back driver ,uninstall driver, disable driver, driver details

After finalizing the Windows installation, what else can you do to improve your experience?
answer = Adjust default Windows apps, Disable unnecessary startup items, Optimize power plan settings, Tweak privacy settings

3.1.2.5 Lab - Search for BIOS or UEFI Firmware Updates
What key or combination of keys is used to run Setup on your computer?
answer = F2

Who is the manufacturer of the BIOS?
answer = ASUS

Which BIOS version is installed in your computer?
answer = 201

What is the current BIOS version available for the motherboard?
answer = Version 301

What features, if any, have been added to the new BIOS version?
answer = no new features have been added 

What changes, if any, have been made to the new BIOS version to fix problems?
answer = Optimize system performance and Intel Security update

What are the instructions to update the new BIOS version?
answer = you download the new update, then move it over to a USB stick and then update your bios that way

3.1.2.7 Lab - Install Third-Party Software in Windows
What is the default installation location for Packet Tracer?
answer = In the Program Files folder

Why does Microsoft recommend using Uninstall or change a program to remove an installed application?
answer = it ensures that the application is completely removed

10.2.1.8 Lab - Create a Partition in Windows
What type of File System is used on the NEW VOLUME (I:)?
answer = The file system is FAT32.

How much Free Space is shown?
answer = The drive has about 60GB free space.

List the tabs found in the NEW VOLUME (I): Properties window?
answer = The tabs are General, Tools, Hardware, Sharing, Previous Versions, Customize, and ReadyBoost.

What tabs are listed in the ITE Test Document Properties window?
answer = The tabs are General, Details, and Previous Versions.

What happens if you do not run as administrator when you open the command prompt?
answer = Access will be denied because you do not have privileges to run the command.

What type of File System is used for the ITE (I:) drive?
answer = NTFS

What are the tabs in the ITE (I:) Properties window?
answer = The tabs are General, Tools, Hardware, Sharing, Security, Previous Versions, Quota, Customize, and ReadyBoost

When the volume was FAT32, there were six tabs. What are the names of the new tabs that were added 
after the volume was converted to NTFS?
answer = Security and Quota

What are the tabs in the ITE Test Document Properties window?
answer = General, Security, Details, Previous Versions

When the volume was FAT32, there were three tabs. What is the name of the new tab that was added 
after the volume was converted to NTFS?
answer = Security

Why is there an additional Security tab in the properties window of documents stored on an NTFS volume?
answer = NTFS incorporates additional security features and extended attributes. The security tab provides a way to display and change permissions of the documents.

11.1.2.10 Lab - Explore the Windows Desktop
List some of the icons that are on the Desktop.
answer = the Recycle Bin and mail

What type of information is available on the Desktop and Taskbar?
answer = shortcut to recycle bin, stored files on the desktop, icon of open application, date and time, network connection, and speaker volume.

Name a few applications listed in the Start Menu.
answer = Calculator, Command Prompt, and Windows Media Player.

What are some of the available options?
answer = Uninstall, Resize, Unpin from Start and Pin to taskbar.

What are the available options in the Taskbar settings?
answer = Lock the taskbar, Auto-hide the taskbar, and Use small icons or Use small taskbar buttons.

What are the available options in the Task View settings?
answer = Adding a desktop, moving applications to a different desktop

What happened?
answer = You are able to have the same application running on each Desktop Task Views.

List some examples of system information below.
answer = System information such as battery levels, network information, and volume level.

What are the behavior options for the icons?
answer = The options are show icon and notifications, hide icon and notifications, and only show notifications.

Click Turn system icons on or off. List the system icons that can be enabled.
answer = Clock, Volume, Network, Power, Action Center.

What can you do in the Notification & actions Settings window?
answer = you can add or remove quick actions or even rearrange the quick action icons, show / hide notifications and choose which apps can display notifications in the notification area.

11.1.3.4 Lab - Work with Task Manager

What happened?
answer = The browser window closed, and it is no longer listed in Task Manager.

What options are available?
answer = End task, Run new task, Always on top, Search online.

What statuses are listed?
answer = Stopped and Running.

What are the available actions that can be taken?
answer = start, stop, restart, open services, search online.

What is the current utilization of the CPU?
answer = 86%

How many streams of instructions (i.e. Threads) are currently running?
answer = 2000 threads

How many Apps, Background processes, and Windows processes (i.e Processes) are currently running?
answer = 46

What is the total physical memory (MB)?
answer = 4GB

What is the available physical memory (MB)?
answer = 2GB

How much physical memory (MB) is being used by the computer?
answer = 2GB

What is the link speed? What type of Ethernet Adapter is in use on this computer?
answer = 1Gbps,   Intel(R) 82574L Gigabit Network Connection

What type of network connection (i.e Connection type) is in use?
answer = can't find it

What is the IPv4 address of the PC?
answer = 192.168.174.128

What effect does this have on the columns?
answer = Clicking the Memory heading causes the processes to be sorted by the amount of memory each process is using. Each time you click the Memory heading, it reverses the order (largest to smallest, then smallest to largest).

What affect does this have on the Memory column?
answer = The column now displays memory usage in percentage values.

How could this be useful?
answer = Displaying processes in this way can assist an administrator in determining what services may be causing memory issues by showing how much available memory is being used by each service.

The listed processes are divided by categories. What categories are listed?
answer = Apps, Background processes, and Windows processes.

Right-click a username. What are the available options?
answer = Expand, Disconnect, and Manage user accounts.

The Startup tab lists the processes that are started automatically during Windows startup. Click the Startup tab. Right-click a process and list the available options below.
answer = Disable, Open file location, Search online, and Properties.

What type of information can you get from this list?
answer = CPU time, network data usage, and data uploads and downloads.

The Details tab displays process information such as process ID (PID), status, and memory utilization. Right-click a process and list the available options below.
answer = End task, End process tree, Set priority, Set affinity, Analyze wait chain, UAC virtualization, Create dump file, Open file location, Search online, Properties, and Go to service(s).

Why is it important for an administrator to understand how to work within the Task Manager?
answer = The Task Manager can be a valuable tool for an administrator when troubleshooting problems with a Windows PC. It provides information about CPU, memory, disk, and network usage. It also provides a way to end tasks or cancel processes.

11.1.4.11 Lab - Working with File Explorer

What happened with Folder1 and Folder2 on the Desktop?
answer = The new folders are displayed on the Desktop. After moving Folder2 into Folder1, only Folder1 on the Desktop.

What is the file extension for the text document?
answer = The file extension is .txt.

How would you do it?
answer = Right-click the text document > click Copy. Open Folder2 and right-click Paste.

What are the attributes associated with this file?
answer = A for Archive.

What is the complete path to Folder3?
answer = C:\Users\Jon Alexander\Desktop\folder1\folder2

 which directories are listed under Folders?
answer = The folders are Desktop, Downloads, Documents, Pictures, Music, and Videos.

What happened? Why would you want to do this?
answer = The folder is now listed under the headings Quick Access or Favorites. This provides a link to the folder and allows for quick access to a nested folder from File Explorer or Windows Explorer.

What are folders listed in the Local Disk (C:)?
answer = The listed folders are PerfLogs, Program Files, Program Files (x86), Users, and Windows.

Were you able to open it? Explain.
answer = Yes. You have the permission to access folder owned by you.

Open the folder associated with another username if it is available on the PC.
answer = its not available

Open the Public folder. List all the folders in the directory.
answer = Public Documents, Public Downloads, Public Music, Public Pictures, and Public Videos.

Which folders or files listed under the Libraries heading?
answer = Documents, Music, Pictures, and Videos.

How would you remove the directory of Folder1 from the library without deleting Folder1 and its contents from the computer?
answer = Select the Folder1 library location and click Remove and then click OK.

11.2.1.5 Lab - Explore Control Panel Categories

11.2.2.3 Lab - User Accounts

11.2.5.8 Lab - Manage Virtual Memory

11.2.6.2 Lab - Use Device Manager

11.3.1.11 Lab - Monitor and Manage System Resources - Sleppa Windows Defender hlutanum, byrja á Part 2 (print spooler)

11.3.2.7 Lab - System Utilities

11.3.2.8 Lab - Manage System Files

11.4.1.5 Lab - Work in the Windows Command Shell

11.4.2.7 Lab - File System Commands

11.4.3.2 Lab - Disk CLI Commands

11.4.4.2 Lab - Task and System CLI Commands

11.4.5.3 Lab - Other Useful Commands, sleppa step 2 í part 2



Í eftirfarandi verkefnum þurfa tveir hópar að vinna saman.

11.5.2.4 Lab - Share Resources

11.5.6.2 Lab - Windows Remote Desktop and Assistance
